Total coverage: 87.60%
sensitivity/nullable: 100.00%
	nullification_operator_negative covered
	coalescing_operator_negative covered
	coalescing_operator_positive covered
	cast_nullable_positive covered
	coalescing_assignment_positive covered
	coalescing_assignment_negative covered
	nullable_default_positive covered
	nullable_default_negative covered
sensitivity/preprocessor: 100.00%
	define_simple_negative covered
	define_expr_negative covered
	define_expr_positive covered
	define_if_negative covered
	define_if_positive covered
sensitivity/time: 0.00%
	simple_time_neutral uncovered
sensitivity/regex: 100.00%
	regex_exactly_match_negative covered
	regex_escaping_positive covered
	regex_char_group_negative covered
	regex_not_char_group_positive covered
	regex_anchor_negative covered
	regex_anchor_positive covered
	regex_backreference_positive covered
	regex_named_backreference_negative covered
	regex_counting_quantifier_negative covered
	regex_count_positive covered
	regex_alternation_negative covered
	regex_lookarounds_positive covered
	regex_options_negative covered
	regex_inline_options_negative covered
	regex_replace_positive covered
	regex_replace_with_substitution_negative covered
	regex_split_positive covered
	regex_matches_positive covered
sensitivity/string_interpolation: 50.00%
	simple_string_interpolation_positive covered
	simple_string_interpolation_with_condition_positive uncovered
	simple_string_interpolation_negative covered
	format_method_interpolation_positive covered
	format_method_interpolation_negative covered
	string_interpolation_multiline_positive uncovered
	string_interpolation_with_string_operations_positive uncovered
	string_interpolation_escaping_negative covered
	percent_operator_interpolation_positive uncovered
	format_method_with_indexes_positive uncovered
sensitivity/dynamic: 100.00%
	dynamic_cast_positive covered
	dynamic_cast_negative covered
	dynamic_binding_exception_positive covered
	dynamic_binding_exception_negative covered
sensitivity/async: 100.00%
	simple_async_negative covered
	simple_async_positive covered
	simple_async_call_negative covered
	simple_async_call_positive covered
sensitivity/slices: 100.00%
	array_expand_full_positive covered
	array_expand_full_negative covered
	array_expand_prefix_positive covered
	array_expand_prefix_negative covered
	array_expand_suffix_positive covered
	array_expand_suffix_negative covered
	array_expand_inner_positive covered
	array_expand_inner_negative covered
	array_expand_inner_from_end_positive covered
	array_expand_inner_from_end_negative covered
	array_index_from_end_positive covered
	array_index_from_end_negative covered
	array_index_positive covered
	array_index_negative covered
	array_concat_element_positive covered
	array_concat_element_negative covered
	array_concat_array_positive covered
	array_concat_array_negative covered
sensitivity/assignment: 100.00%
	simple_assignment_positive covered
	simple_assignment_negative covered
	assignment_positive covered
	assignment_negative covered
	lazy_eval_positive covered
	lazy_eval_negative covered
	new_var_assignment_neutral covered
sensitivity/disposable/disposable: 80.00%
	disposable_interface_positive covered
	disposable_interface_declaration_inside_positive covered
	disposable_interface_declaration_inside_negative covered
	disposable_interface_negative covered
	disposable_interface_value_positive uncovered
sensitivity/record/record: 100.00%
	simple_record_positive covered
	simple_record_negative covered
	nested_record_positive covered
	nested_record_negative covered
sensitivity/pattern-matching/record_patterns: 0.00%
	simple_record_patterns_positive uncovered
	simple_record_patterns_negative uncovered
	simple_record_patterns_nested_positive uncovered
	simple_record_patterns_nested_negative uncovered
sensitivity/pattern-matching/instance_matching: 71.43%
	pattern_matching_simple_1_positive covered
	pattern_matching_simple_1_negative covered
	pattern_matching_simple_2_negative covered
	pattern_matching_simple_4_positive covered
	pattern_matching_simple_4_negative covered
	pattern_matching_switch_simple_1_positive uncovered
	pattern_matching_switch_simple_1_negative uncovered
sensitivity/pattern-matching/matching: 100.00%
	if_int_pattern_positive covered
	if_int_pattern_negative covered
	switch_int_pattern_positive covered
	switch_int_pattern_negative covered
	if_int_list_pattern_positive covered
	if_int_list_pattern_negative covered
	if_int_list_type_pattern_positive covered
	if_int_list_type_pattern_negative covered
	switch_int_list_pattern_positive covered
	switch_int_list_pattern_negative covered
	switch_int_list_type_pattern_positive covered
	switch_int_list_type_pattern_negative covered
	if_point_pattern_positive covered
	if_point_pattern_negative covered
	switch_point_pattern_positive covered
	switch_point_pattern_negative covered
	if_string_pattern_positive covered
	if_string_pattern_negative covered
	switch_string_pattern_positive covered
	switch_string_pattern_negative covered
	multiple_matches_pattern_negative covered
	multiple_matches_pattern_positive covered
	regex_matches_pattern_positive covered
	regex_matches_pattern_negative covered
sensitivity/generics/constrainedMethods: 100.00%
	interface_constrained_generic_method_positive covered
	interface_constrained_generic_method_negative covered
	inheritance_constrained_generic_method_positive covered
	inheritance_constrained_generic_method_negative covered
sensitivity/generics/constrainedClasses: 100.00%
	interface_constrained_generic_class_positive covered
	interface_constrained_generic_class_negative covered
	inheritance_constrained_generic_class_positive covered
	inheritance_constrained_generic_class_negative covered
	new_constrained_generic_class_positive covered
	new_constrained_generic_class_negative covered
sensitivity/field/nested: 100.00%
	nested_field_simple_positive covered
	nested_field_simple_negative covered
	nested_field_simple_array_positive covered
	nested_field_simple_array_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_2_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_2_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_2_array_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_2_array_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_3_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_3_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_3_array_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_3_array_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_4_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_4_negative covered
	nested_field_depth_4_array_positive covered
	nested_field_depth_4_array_negative covered
sensitivity/field/staticField: 100.00%
	class_with_static_string_field_positive covered
	class_with_static_string_field_negative covered
sensitivity/field/primaryConstructors: 100.00%
	primary_constructor_init_positive covered
	primary_constructor_init_negative covered
	primary_property_changed_positive_1 covered
	primary_property_changed_positive_2 covered
	primary_property_changed_negative covered
sensitivity/field/propertyField: 100.00%
	string_property_positive covered
	string_property_negative covered
	string_unchangeable_property_negative covered
	string_init_property_negative covered
	string_init_property_positive covered
sensitivity/field/constructorChains: 100.00%
	constructor_chains_positive covered
	constructor_chains_negative covered
	constructor_chains_neutral covered
sensitivity/field/sealedField: 100.00%
	class_with_sealed_string_field_positive covered
	class_with_sealed_string_field_negative covered
sensitivity/field/regularField: 100.00%
	class_with_string_field_positive covered
	class_with_string_field_negative covered
sensitivity/field/constructors: 85.71%
	class_with_string_initialization_positive covered
	class_with_string_initialization_negative covered
	class_with_nested_string_initialization_positive covered
	class_with_nested_string_initialization_negative covered
	class_with_array_initialization_by_value_positive covered
	class_with_array_initialization_by_value_negative covered
	class_with_array_initialization_by_value_neutral covered
	class_with_array_initialization_positive covered
	class_with_array_initialization_negative covered
	class_with_array_initialization_neutral covered
	string_factory_positive covered
	string_factory_negative covered
	class_with_instance_initializer_positive uncovered
	class_with_instance_initializer_negative uncovered
sensitivity/exceptions/filters: 100.00%
	exception_filter_positive covered
	exception_filter_negative covered
sensitivity/exceptions/rethrow: 100.00%
	rethrow_negative covered
	rethrow_positive covered
sensitivity/exceptions/causeThrows: 50.00%
	array_store_exception_positive covered
	array_store_exception_negative covered
	arithmetic_exception_positive uncovered
	arithmetic_exception_negative uncovered
	null_pointer_exception_positive covered
	null_pointer_exception_negative covered
	class_not_found_exception_positive uncovered
	class_not_found_exception_negative uncovered
sensitivity/exceptions/tryCatchFinally: 100.00%
	try_cath_positive covered
	try_cath_negative covered
	try_cath_finally_positive covered
	try_cath_finally_negative covered
	try_multi_cath_positive covered
	try_multi_cath_negative covered
sensitivity/collections/set: 100.00%
	set_add_simple_positive covered
	set_add_simple_negative covered
	set_remove_positive covered
	set_remove_simple_positive covered
	set_remove_simple_negative covered
	set_contains_positive covered
	set_contains_negative covered
	set_size_positive covered
	set_size_negative covered
	set_union_negative covered
	set_except_with_positive covered
	set_except_with_negative covered
	set_intersect_with_positive covered
	set_intersect_with_negative covered
	set_xor_positive covered
	set_xor_negative covered
	set_super_positive covered
	set_super_negative covered
	set_subset_positive covered
	set_subset_negative covered
	set_disjoint_positive covered
sensitivity/collections/queue: 81.82%
	simple_poll_positive covered
	simple_poll_negative covered
	simple_peek_negative covered
	queue_is_empty_1_positive covered
	queue_is_empty_1_negative covered
	queue_poll_negative covered
	queue_poll_positive covered
	queue_poll_all_positive covered
	two_queues_positive covered
	queue_contains_1_positive uncovered
	queue_remove_if_positive uncovered
sensitivity/collections/streams: 100.00%
	stream_simple_positive covered
	stream_simple_negative covered
	stream_map_positive covered
	stream_map_negative covered
	stream_filter_positive covered
	stream_reduce_positive covered
sensitivity/collections/list: 55.56%
	list_add_get_at_zero_index_empty_negative covered
	list_to_array_and_get_positive covered
	list_to_array_and_get_negative covered
	list_union_positive covered
	list_index_positive covered
	list_set_positive uncovered
	list_set_negative uncovered
	list_add_and_remove_positive uncovered
	list_clear_start_negative uncovered
sensitivity/collections/map: 80.00%
	map_clear_negative covered
	map_simple_get_1_positive covered
	map_simple_get_1_negative covered
	map_remove_1_negative covered
	map_remove_1_positive covered
	map_put_if_absent_negative covered
	map_values_positive covered
	map_values_negative covered
	map_merge_2_negative uncovered
	map_merge_1_positive uncovered
sensitivity/collections/linq: 100.00%
	linq_simple_select_positive covered
	linq_simple_select_negative covered
	linq_simple_let_positive covered
	linq_simple_let_negative covered
	linq_multiple_from_positive covered
	linq_multiple_from_negative covered
	linq_simple_where_positive covered
	linq_simple_where_negative covered
	linq_multiple_where_positive covered
	linq_multiple_where_negative covered
	linq_simple_orderby_positive covered
	linq_simple_orderby_negative covered
	linq_simple_orderby_thenby_positive covered
	linq_simple_orderby_thenby_negative covered
	linq_simple_groupby_positive covered
	linq_simple_groupby_negative covered
	linq_simple_join_positive covered
	linq_simple_join_negative covered
	linq_simple_join_into_positive covered
	linq_simple_join_into_negative covered
sensitivity/collections/yield: 66.67%
	yield_simple_negative covered
	yield_simple_positive covered
	generator_infinite_positive uncovered
	generator_infinite_negative uncovered
	yield_multiple_take_first_negative covered
	yield_multiple_take_first_positive covered
	yield_multiple_take_last_negative covered
	yield_multiple_take_last_positive covered
	yield_break_negative covered
	yield_break_positive covered
	generator_yield_from_positive uncovered
	generator_yield_from_negative uncovered
sensitivity/dependencyInjection/cSharpSpecificInjection: 0.00%
	di_retriever_positive uncovered
	di_retriever_negative uncovered
	di_keeper_positive uncovered
	di_keeper_negative uncovered
sensitivity/varargs/varargs: 100.00%
	varargs_get_first_string_positive covered
	varargs_get_first_string_negative covered
	varargs_get_string_with_index_positive covered
	varargs_get_string_with_index_negative covered
	varargs_get_first_string_from_array_positive covered
	varargs_get_first_string_from_array_negative covered
	varargs_with_generics_positive covered
	varargs_with_generics_negative covered
	varargs_combine_strings_positive covered
	varargs_combine_strings_negative covered
sensitivity/unsafe/structPointers: 100.00%
	struct_pointer_positive covered
	struct_pointer_negative covered
sensitivity/unsafe/nativePointers: 100.00%
	unmanaged_store_positive covered
	unmanaged_store_negative covered
	unmanaged_copy_positive covered
	unmanaged_copy_negative covered
sensitivity/unsafe/structSerialization: 100.00%
	serialize_struct_positive covered
	serialize_struct_negative covered
	overlapped_struct_fields_positive covered
	overlapped_struct_fields_negative covered
sensitivity/unsafe/csharpPointers: 83.33%
	pointer_assignment_positive covered
	pointer_assignment_negative uncovered
	pointer_addition_positive covered
	pointer_addition_negative covered
	function_pointer_positive covered
	function_pointer_negative covered
sensitivity/events/eventsCustom: 100.00%
	custom_event_call_empty_add_neutral covered
	custom_event_call_empty_remove_negative covered
	custom_event_call_empty_remove_positive covered
sensitivity/events/events: 100.00%
	event_call_simple_positive_1 covered
	event_call_simple_positive_2 covered
	event_call_simple_negative covered
	event_call_lambda_positive covered
	event_call_lambda_neutral covered
	event_call_lambda_negative covered
	event_call_unsubscribed_neutral covered
sensitivity/conditional/recursion: 100.00%
	recursion_simple_positive covered
	recursion_simple_negative covered
	recursion_mutual_positive covered
	recursion_mutual_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/if: 100.00%
	if_operator_positive covered
	if_operator_negative covered
	if_else_operator_neutral covered
	if_else_if_operator_neutral covered
	if_operator_with_var_in_condition_positive covered
	if_operator_with_var_in_condition_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/for: 70.00%
	for_operator_positive covered
	for_operator_negative covered
	for_operator_reverse_positive covered
	for_operator_reverse_negative uncovered
	for_operator_string_array_positive covered
	for_operator_string_array_negative uncovered
	for_operator_continue_positive covered
	for_operator_continue_negative covered
	for_operator_break_positive covered
	for_operator_break_negative covered
	for_operator_nested_positive covered
	for_operator_nested_negative uncovered
	for_operator_change_index_positive covered
	for_operator_change_index_negative uncovered
	for_operator_non_zero_init_positive covered
	for_operator_non_zero_init_negative covered
	for_operator_strcpy_positive covered
	for_operator_strcpy_negative covered
	for_operator_collection_positive uncovered
	for_operator_collection_negative uncovered
sensitivity/conditional/conditionswitch: 0.00%
	switch_basic_positive uncovered
	switch_basic_negative uncovered
	switch_multiple_conditions_positive uncovered
	switch_multiple_conditions_negative uncovered
	switch_multiple_case_conditions_positive uncovered
	switch_multiple_case_conditions_negative uncovered
	switch_fallthrough_positive uncovered
	switch_fallthrough_negative uncovered
sensitivity/conditional/while: 100.00%
	while_operator_positive covered
	while_operator_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/dowhile: 100.00%
	do_while_operator_positive covered
	do_while_operator_negative covered
sensitivity/conditional/switch: 100.00%
	switch_operator_positive covered
	switch_operator_negative covered
	switch_operator_any_positive covered
	switch_operator_any_negative covered
sensitivity/delegates/multicastDelegates: 100.00%
	multicast_call_positive covered
	multicast_call_negative covered
	subtracted_multicast_call_positive covered
	subtracted_multicast_call_negative covered
	added_multicast_call_positive_1 covered
	added_multicast_call_positive_2 covered
	added_multicast_call_negative covered
sensitivity/delegates/customDelegates: 100.00%
	custom_delegate_positive covered
	custom_delegate_negative covered
sensitivity/delegates/actionDelegates: 100.00%
	action_delegate_call_positive covered
	action_delegate_call_negative_1 covered
	action_delegate_call_negative_2 covered
	unary_action_call_positive covered
	unary_action_call_negative covered
	binary_action_call_positive covered
	binary_action_call_negative covered
sensitivity/delegates/funcDelegates: 100.00%
	binary_func_call_positive covered
	binary_func_call_negative covered
	ternary_func_call_positive covered
	ternary_func_call_negative covered
sensitivity/delegates/anonymousDelegates: 100.00%
	get_from_argless_delegate_neutral_1 covered
	get_from_argless_delegate_neutral_2 covered
	get_from_anon_method_positive covered
	get_from_anon_method_negative covered
sensitivity/struct/refReadonlyField: 100.00%
	ref_or_and_readonly_field_positive covered
sensitivity/struct/deconstruction: 100.00%
	record_deconstruction_positive covered
	record_deconstruction_negative covered
sensitivity/struct/anonstructures: 0.00%
	simple_anonymous_structure_positive uncovered
	simple_anonymous_structure_negative uncovered
	anonymous_structure_with_nested_fields_positive uncovered
	anonymous_structure_with_nested_fields_negative uncovered
	anonymous_structure_in_slice_positive uncovered
	anonymous_structure_in_slice_negative uncovered
	anonymous_structure_as_return_value_positive uncovered
	anonymous_structure_as_return_value_negative uncovered
sensitivity/struct/struct: 100.00%
	struct_get_positive covered
	struct_get_negative covered
sensitivity/struct/mutation: 100.00%
	struct_mutation_positive_1 covered
	struct_mutation_negative_1 covered
	struct_mutation_positive_2 covered
	struct_mutation_negative_2 covered
sensitivity/concurrency/concurrency: 100.00%
	thread_set_negative covered
	thread_set_positive covered
	thread_set_nostart_positive covered
	two_set_threads_in_sequence_positive covered
	two_set_threads_in_sequence_negative covered
	two_switching_tasks_concurrent_positive covered
	null_and_restore_condvar_positive covered
sensitivity/concurrency/atomic: 100.00%
	atomic_integer_negative covered
	atomic_integer_restore_positive covered
	atomic_integer_restore_negative covered
sensitivity/refargs/refargs: 100.00%
	ref_param_out_positive covered
	ref_param_out_negative covered
	ref_param_out_negative_2 covered
	ref_param_in_positive covered
	ref_param_in_negative covered
	ref_param_positive covered
	ref_param_negative_1 covered
	ref_param_negative_2 covered
	ref_readonly_param_positive covered
	ref_readonly_param_negative covered
sensitivity/import/import: 22.22%
	import_string_module_alias_negative covered
	import_string_module_alias_positive covered
	import_string_module_positive uncovered
	import_string_module_negative uncovered
	import_string_module_from_positive uncovered
	import_string_module_from_negative uncovered
	import_string_module_from_alias_positive uncovered
	import_string_module_from_alias_negative uncovered
	import_string_not_existing_module_positive uncovered
sensitivity/virtuality/class: 100.00%
	derived_binary_op1_positive covered
	derived_binary_op1_negative covered
	derived_binary_op2_positive covered
	derived_binary_op2_negative covered
	base_binary_op_positive covered
	base_binary_op_negative covered
sensitivity/virtuality/multiInterface: 100.00%
	multi_interface_positive_1 covered
	multi_interface_positive_2 covered
	multi_interface_negative_1 covered
	multi_interface_negative_2 covered
sensitivity/virtuality/explicitInterfaceImplementation: 100.00%
	explicit_interface_implementation_positive covered
	explicit_interface_implementation_negative covered
sensitivity/virtuality/interface: 100.00%
	impl_binary_op_interface_class1_positive covered
	impl_binary_op_interface_class1_negative covered
	impl_binary_op_interface_class2_positive covered
	impl_binary_op_interface_class2_negative covered
	base_binary_op_interface_positive covered
	base_binary_op_interface_negative covered
sensitivity/reflection/reflection: 100.00%
	simple_reflection_positive covered
	simple_reflection_negative covered
sensitivity/cSharpAbstractions/anonymous: 100.00%
	tuple_assignment_positive covered
	tuple_assignment_negative covered
	tuple_deconstruction_positive covered
	tuple_deconstruction_negative covered
	named_anon_type_mutation_positive covered
	named_anon_type_mutation_negative covered
	named_tuples_self_assignment_positive covered
	named_tuples_self_assignment_negative covered
	anonymous_type_creation_positive covered
	anonymous_type_creation_negative covered
sensitivity/cSharpAbstractions/partial: 100.00%
	partial_field_access_positive covered
	partial_field_access_negative covered
	partial_field_reassign_positive covered
	partial_field_reassign_negative covered
sensitivity/cSharpAbstractions/abstract: 100.00%
	inherited_from_abstract_positive covered
	inherited_from_abstract_negative_1 covered
	inherited_from_abstract_negative_2 covered
	abstract_method_positive covered
	abstract_method_negative covered
	overridden_from_abstract_positive covered
	overridden_from_abstract_negative covered
	overridden_accessed_as_abstract_positive covered
	overridden_accessed_as_abstract_negative covered
	shadowed_from_abstract_positive covered
	shadowed_from_abstract_negative covered
	shadowed_accessed_as_abstract_positive covered
	shadowed_accessed_as_abstract_negative covered
sensitivity/cSharpAbstractions/extensionMethods: 100.00%
	extension_method_argless_positive covered
	extension_method_argless_negative_1 covered
	extension_method_argless_negative_2 covered
	extension_method_one_arg_positive_1 covered
	extension_method_one_arg_positive_2 covered
	extension_method_one_arg_negative covered
	extension_method_addition_neutral covered
sensitivity/operators/conversions: 100.00%
	explicit_conversion_to_string_positive covered
	explicit_conversion_to_string_negative covered
	explicit_conversion_to_holder_positive covered
	explicit_conversion_to_holder_negative covered
	implicit_conversion_to_string_positive covered
	implicit_conversion_to_string_negative covered
	implicit_conversion_to_holder_positive covered
	implicit_conversion_to_holder_negative covered
sensitivity/operators/operators: 100.00%
	indexer_one_dim_positive covered
	indexer_one_dim_negative covered
	indexer_custom_two_dim_positive_1 covered
	indexer_custom_two_dim_positive_2 covered
	indexer_custom_two_dim_negative_1 covered
	indexer_custom_two_dim_negative_2 covered
	implicit_to_string_call_positive covered
	implicit_to_string_call_negative covered
	unary_operator_plus_call_positive covered
	unary_operator_minus_call_negative covered
	explicit_binary_operator_plus_call_positive covered
	explicit_binary_operator_minus_call_negative covered
	implicit_binary_operator_plus_call_positive covered
	implicit_binary_operator_minus_call_negative covered
sensitivity/operators/staticAbstract: 100.00%
	static_abstract_good_store_positive covered
	static_abstract_good_store_negative covered
	static_abstract_good_store_outer_get_positive covered
	static_abstract_good_store_outer_get_negative covered
	static_abstract_bad_store_negative covered
	static_abstract_reversed_store_positive covered
	static_abstract_reversed_store_negative covered
sensitivity/none: 100.00%
sensitivity/defer: 100.00%
sensitivity/closure: 100.00%
sensitivity/namedreturns: 100.00%
sensitivity/magic/magic: 100.00%
sensitivity/monkey/patching: 100.00%
sensitivity/lambdas/mutation: 100.00%
sensitivity/exceptions/panic: 100.00%
sensitivity/collections/comprehension: 100.00%
sensitivity/collections/tuples: 100.00%
sensitivity/duck/typing: 100.00%
sensitivity/vthreads/vthreads: 100.00%
sensitivity/dependencyInjection/javaSpecificInjection: 100.00%
sensitivity/decorator/decorator: 100.00%
sensitivity/unsafe/goPointers: 100.00%
sensitivity/concurrency/channels: 100.00%
sensitivity/virtuality/default: 100.00%
sensitivity/goTypes/embedding: 100.00%
sensitivity/goTypes/assertions: 100.00%
sensitivity/goTypes/alias: 100.00%
